# Introduction
 Hello, You Can Expect A Little Bit Of Random Things From This Website, As I Will Ramble On About Games, And My Personal Opinions.

# Pokemon
 This game is an amazing game, and if you're older, 14+,  you probably remember working on catching all of the original 151 pokemon! But, the newcomers that came in during the older games such as Ruby, Alpha, and Emerald, you would have experienced only 1 major update from the first new game that they released, aka Diamond And Pearl. The new changes included major graphical adjustments, and added in alot more colors into the nintendo DS. As one of the people that didnt really grow up playing the pokemon games , i can relate to  the people that arent too familiar with all of the new pokemon out there, and didn't have a very good chance to catch them all. If you were like me as a kid you were too busy studying, or watching TV. However, you can now catch up with the new generations coming in, and the time period of the time before they release a new game , i think you should be able to do it along with me. If you want to learn about all of the older generations, stay here. If you would like to see info about the newer generations, scroll down.

# Generation 1, Red And Blue
Alas, the amazing time of game boy's and playing them as a kid was one of the enjoyments i did not experience, due to the fact that i was too young and didnt have much experience with games, however i have done my research on them. So, the generation 1 wasn't the most exciting generation, but for the pokemon fans back then, it was awesome graphics and had amazing story. The game consisted of a kid with an amazing story , with adventures to be told for generations to come. The kid was in a world that consisted of pokemon and a rather advanced world, with probably the technology of our 1850's mostly, and got to choose his first pokemon. What he didn't know, was that he was going to train up his pokemon to become a pokemon master, and capture the legendary pokemon Mewtwo, meeting alot of friends along the way, and collected badges.
